"Mantra, as well as from the Buddha Vajrasattva, emanating large winds of light of compassion
that lighten up all the three realms and purify everyone's obstacles, obscurations, and
difficulties
such as birth, getting old, sickness, death, and all other frightening situations, whatever
they experience, everything is completely played in the passive fire. Particularly if you have
someone that you like to pray, treat them also when so directly, and remove all their
obscurations, handles, or blockage, whatever they experience there. Asking the clairway
and both are part of the joy and the peace. And every devil's person who has received
a pass-through, also again the same way cleansing the purify, all the negativities of obstacles,
whatever it is, is instantly liberated or brought to the Pure Land of the Buddha. And so this
practice is not just only for us, but for all the beings and thinking of it, and as well as
ourselves to remove, cleanse, and purify, so we will have the bright and beautiful
fulfillment of the future. And those are the same, and I said so many times,
and a great boss in a kinky part of the ceremony said many times, we have spent this hour and hour,
over 25 years. So I think many of you came and you are joined, you are part of this
mandala, part of the ceremony, you did remember them. So with this company igniting this beautiful
motivation, this is meditation, this is practice, this is visualization, this is a complete state,
and this is zuki meditation, mai mutta meditation, it is rifantana meditation,
chamahana meditation, all combined together as one simple beautiful practice that touches
direct heart of enlightenment, and heart of enlightenment to ourselves, yourself. That is
what it is, really. So therefore, I'm not going to talk too much again and again, same thing,
I spoke yesterday, before that, and so you all know, I mean, that's it. So I just want to remind
you, this is so important, and it is a wonderful to begin our new year with this ceremony,
with this spiritual, but he didn't call it hours, bravely call it hours, to touch to that quality
and begin our beautiful region of this year. It's something marvelous, awesome, beautiful,
really truly, I'm not just saying that, that is what it is, that is what it is. We're not talking
of something kind of bragging and arrogance, but we're touching to our best, humble, simple,
beautiful, yet magnificent, that's what we're talking. We're making ourselves as beautiful
impressions, and with that, again, so this is what roughly teaching says, and again, we now begin
to,
again, continue your meditation as yourself, or be in that state, we maybe don't have to use
meditation, be in that state, be what you are, the original state, and that, let's begin,
that's the journey and the adventure begins, that's it truly.
[Music]